It is my great joy to welcome everyone today and thank you all for coming to analyze our wedding here,
Don't thank me. You are the Group's Li Zong Wang and the Group's Li Zong Wang Jiaqi.
Aren't you going to give an explanation?
I also asked Jiaqi, is this not my wife’s explanation?
Surely it has something to do with it?
How am I doing with him?
It's okay to drink some. It's early.
It's okay with him
If you dare, you have to have a strong rhythm
It's because the front is stronger
This rhythm is also disturbed by the front foot.
You are a dog
I just give people the legal hat on my back.
If only he knew
You are afraid that there are stones on the road.
how to speak
You saw it yourselves
He also scanned me
Did I hear it right?
Wanjiajia big night
Wan Shao is also a famous businessman
You're a piece of trash who can't even find a job.
they take you
He is also blind
That real farmer came out with a person
If this woman can handle it
I'll give you iron shoes if I lose money
Said it myself
So what if I said it?
I warn you
Don't you dare to say a few words again
Don't say they're married
Even we can't let you, right?
First time in my heart
I go deep into a girl's
Your heart wants to trade
Your little bit
Are you deeply in love so much? I love you
I am willing to take care of you all my life
will you marry me
You marry me, marry me, marry me, marry me, marry him.
If you don’t marry him, marry him, marry him if you want.